feature/invgen-40309: add a link to the about dialog (#298)
Developer-Autodesk/forge-configurator-inventor: howto.md

# Autodesk Configuration with Design Automation for Inventor

> Using the Autodesk Configuration with Design Automation for Inventor web application one can easily manage and edit Inventor projects using only web browser and internet connection. The following operations are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Autodesk Configuration with Design Automation for Inventor web application one can easily manage and edit Inventor projects using only a web browser and an internet connection. The following operations are available:
```

- manage custom Inventor projects (list, upload, delete)
- interactively display the model
- change editable parameters and update the model

> - list bill of material

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- list bill of materials
```

- generate model drawing
- download individual Inventor project assemblies (.IAM), Revit 3D model (.RFA), bill of material (.CSV) and model drawing (.PDF)

> Application is available using this link: https://inventor-config-demo.autodesk.io/ (TODO: change to the release link)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application is available using this link: https://inventor-config-demo.autodesk.io
```

> Non authenticated anonymous user can work with two predefined projects: Wheel and Wrench. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non authenticated anonymous users can work with two predefined projects: Wheel and Wrench. 
```

> To be able to upload custom projects, one needs to authenticate using his Autodesk Forge account. To sign up for the Forge account, follow instructions in this web page: https://forge.autodesk.com/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to upload custom projects, one needs to authenticate using their Autodesk Forge account. To sign up for the Forge account, follow the instructions here: https://forge.autodesk.com/.
```

> Every operation (i.e. model update after change of parameters, drawing creation) is computed on a cloud. For this purpose, Cloud Credits are required. Free Cloud Credits are provided to try Forge after sign up. For more information about pricing, please see https://forge.autodesk.com/pricing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every operation (i.e. model update after change of parameters, drawing creation) is computed in the cloud. For this purpose, Cloud Credits are required. Free Cloud Credits are provided to try Forge after signing up. For more information about pricing, please see https://forge.autodesk.com/pricing.
```
